Update readme (#278)
eqlabs/pathfinder: README.md

### Prerequisites

Currently only supports Linux. Windows and MacOS support is planned.
We need access to a full Ethereum node operating on the network matching the StarkNet network you wish to run. Currently this is either Goerli or Mainnet.

> | :point_up:    | If using Infura as an L1 provider, you will need access to their archive node facilities. This is because `pathfinder` requires access to the full log history. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :warning:    | If using Infura as an L1 provider, you will need access to their archive node facilities. This is because `pathfinder` requires access to the full log history. |
```

Or maybe :exclamation: ? My emoji-fu is not so strong.

Author: Lets ask the expert... @CHr15F0x?

Reviewer 2: - :warning: points to the :arrow_right: current line :arrow_left:  while (*)

in the line above :thinking:
- (*) :point_up: seems to indicate something's interesting

| Name                               | Description                                                  | Default value     | Required |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- | -------- |

> | PATHFINDER_ETHEREUM_API_URL        | Ethereum full node JSON-RPC endpoint URL                |                   | yes      |

Reviewer 3: Is it just the GitHub diff, or are we missing some extra whitespace in the new line?

Author: Ah yeah you're right. Fixed.
